[DOCS] Updates Add data for 7.15.0 (#112138)
elastic/kibana: docs/setup/connect-to-elasticsearch.asciidoc

*Elastic Agent* is the next generation of
data integration modules, offering
a centralized way to set up your integrations.

With *Fleet*, you can add
and manage integrations for popular services and platforms, providing
an easy way to collect your data, and manage {elastic-agent} installations in standalone or {fleet} mode. The integrations
ship with dashboards and visualizations,
so you can quickly get insights into your data, and {fleet} mode offers several advantages:

> * A central place to configure and monitor your {agent}s.

Reviewer: I've added a pluralized attribute if you want to use it:
```suggestion
* A central place to configure and monitor your {agents}.
```
